{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab BABA AU RHUM\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 5/98\par MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par YEAST\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 OZ.\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 11 OZ.\par CAKE FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 15 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 1/2 OZ.\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab 8 EACH\par SALT \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 t.\par RAISINS\tab \tab \tab \tab 5 OZ.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par \par HEAT THE MILK TO 105 DEGREES (OR SCALD THEN COOL).\par ADD THE YEAST AND 8 OZ. OF THE BREAD FLOUR AND MIX TO A SMOOTH PASTE.  LET THE SPONGE RISE UNTIL IT JUST STARTS TO FALL.  MELT THE BUTTER.\par WHEN THE SPONGE IS READY ADD THE FLOURS, SUGAR, EGGS, BUTTER AND SALT. MIX WELL. THE DOUGH WILL BE VERY LOOSE. ADD THE RAISINS.\par GREASE THE FORMS (USUALLY 3"WIDE AND 1  1/3" DEEP OR USE A BUNDT PAN.\par FILL THE FORMS 2/3 FULL AND PROOF TO THE TOP BAKE AT 400 DEGREES UNTIL THE TOP IS GOLDEN BROWN. \par WHEN THEY ARE COOL ENOUGH TO HANDLE CUT THE TOP OFF EVENLY AND SOAK WITH 2/3 OF THE RUM SYRUP BELOW.  THEY WILL SWELL SLIGHTLY. FINISH COOLING ON A RACK.\par TO SERVE, COAT THE TOP WITH APRICOT GLAZE, POUR RUM SYRUP ON A PLATE AND GARNISH THE TOP WITH A MARASCHINO CHERRY AND SLICED ALMOND DAISY.\par \tab \tab \tab \tab RUM SYRUP\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab 10 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par ORANGE\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 EACH\par RUM\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\tab \par CUT THE ORANGE IN HALF. PLACE THE ORANGE, WATER AND SUGAR IN A SAUCE[PAN AND BRING TO A BOIL FOR 5 MINUTES.\par REMOVE FROM THE HEAT AND STRAIN.\par ADD THE RUM.\par }
