{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab BAKLAVA\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par PHYLLO DOUGH\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par PECANS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 4 C.\par (OR WALNUTS)\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 C.\par CINNAMON\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 1/2 T.\par NUTMEG\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 t.\par (OR CLOVES)\par \par SYRUP:\par \tab HONEY\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 C.\par \tab ORANGE ZEST\tab \tab \tab 2 T.\par \tab WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab 3/4 C.\par \tab SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 C.\par \par LAY THE PHYLLO DOUGH ON A DAMPENED TOWEL AND LAY A DAMP TOWEL OVER IT.  AS YOU WORK WITH THE DOUGH, KEEP THE TOP COVERED OR IT WILL DRY AND SPLIT. REMOVE ONE SHEET AT A TIME.\par MIX TOGETHER THE PECANS, THE FIRST SUGAR AND THE NUTMEG.  MELT THE BUTTER.  REMOVE A SHEET OF THE PHYLLO AND BUTTER IT. LAY IT OUT IN A CAKE PAN. REPEAT THIS PROCESS UNTIL YOU HAVE TEN SHEETS OF PHYLLO. \par SPREAD 1/3 OF THE NUT MIX ON THE DOUGH AND LAYER WITH TWO MORE SHEETS.\par SPREAD THE DOUGH WITH 1/3 MORE OF THE NUT MIX.  LAYER WITH TWO MORE SHEETS OF THE BUTTERED DOUGH.\par SPREAD WITH THE REST OF THE NUT MIX.\par LAYER WITH TEN MORE LAYERS OF THE DOUGH. REFRIGERATE THE PAN FOR 10 MINUTES.  REMOVE FROM THE REFRIGERATOR AND CUT THE BAKLAVA INTO DIAMOND SHAPES.\par BAKE 350 DEGREES FOR 35 MINUTES.\par MEANWHILE MIX THE SYRUP INGREDIENTS IN A SAUCEPAN AND BRING TOP A BOIL  WHEN THE BAKLAVA IS DONE LET IT COOL FOR 5 MINUTES THEN POUR THE SYRUP OVER THE PRODUCT.  LET IT STAND OVERNIGHT.  CAN BE REHEATED TO SERVE.\par }
