{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab BASIC PASTRY CREAM\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 5/98\par MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab 8 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 12 OZ.\par CORN STARCH\tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 5 OZ.\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par \par PLACE THE MILK AND SUGAR IN A HEAVY SAUCE PAN AND HEAT OVER A MEDIUM HIGH FLAME.\par MEANWHILE CRACK THE EGGS INTO A BOWL AND ADD THE CORNSTARCH.  WHIP UNTIL THERE ARE NO LUMPS. WHEN THE MILK IS 80 DEGREES ADD 1 TO THE EGG MIX. RETURN THE REST TO THE STOVE AND  BRING IT TO A BOIL STIRRING OCCASIONALLY. REMOVE FROM THE HEAT.\par TEMPER THE EGG MIX AND ADD IT BACK TO THE MILK MIX.\par STIR CONSTANTLY. WHEN THE MIX STARTS TO THICKEN RETURN IT TO THE STOVE OVER A LOW HEAT AND STIR CONSTANTLY.\par BRING THE MIXTURE TO A BOIL FOR TWO MINUTES. POUR THE HOT MIX ONTO A PARCHMENT LINED SHEET PAN AND RUB THE TOP LIGHTLY WITH BUTTER TO SEAL IT. \par CHILL. WHISK TO SMOOTH THE CREAM BEFORE USING.\par \par NOTES: THIS PROCEDURE REQUIRES A LOT OF ATTENTION.  IF THE MIX IS NOT STIRRED AS STATED IT WILL SCORCH.\par EGG TEMPERING: ADD HOT MILK TO EGGS AND MIX WELL, THEN ADD THE EGGS TO THE REST OF THE HOT MILK.\par CANNOT BE FROZEN AS IT WILL BREAK.\par }
