{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab BOILED SUGAR\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 5/98\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SUPERFINE SUGAR\tab \tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 8OZ.\par CORN SYRUP\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par CREAM OF TARTAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 t.\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 t.\par \par PLACE THE WATER AND THE SUGAR IN A HEAVY SAUCEPAN.\par STIR THE MIXTURE CONSTANTLY AND GENTLY OVER A LOW HEAT UNTIL ALL OF THE SUGAR HAS DISSOLVED AND THE SYRUP HAS STARTED TO BOIL.  REMOVE ANY SCUM AS IT WILL CAUSE THE SUGAR TO CRYSTALLIZE LATER.\par ADD THE CORN SYRUP AND STIR JUST UNTIL IT IS MIXED.\par TURN THE FIRE TO MEDIUM AND PLACE A LID ON THE PAN. ALLOW THE MIX TO BOIL FOR HARD FOR A FEW MINUTES.\par PLACE A SUGAR THERMOMETER IN THE PAN.  WHEN THE TEMPERATURE REACHES 265 DEGREES ADD COLORING IF IT IS TO BE USED.\par BRING THE SUGAR TO 280 DEGREES. MEANWHILE MIX THE TARTAR AND THE SECOND WATER AND ADD THIS MIX TO THE SUGAR.  CONTINUE TO BOIL AND BRING THE TEMPERATURE TO THE TEMPERATURE NECESSARY FOR THE SPECIFIC RECIPE. REMOVE FROM HEAT AND DIP THE PAN IN COLD WATER TO KEEP IT FROM HEATING THE MIX FURTHER.\par \par NOTES: WHEN USING LARGER AMOUNTS OF SUGAR REMOVE FROM THE HEAT A LITTLE EARLY AND WATCH AS THE TEMPERATURE RISES TO THE CORRECT STAGE.  IF IT DOESN'T QUITE GET THERE RETURN THE PAN TO THE HEAT FOR A FEW MINUTES LONGER.\par BE SURE TO MEASURE THE TARTARIC ACID CAREFULLY AS THE FINAL SUGAR WILL BE SOFT IF TOO MUCH IS USED.\par }
