{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab BOSTON CREAM PIE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2/98\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 T.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 C.\par EGG WHITES\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 OZ.\par EGG YOLKS\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 OZ.\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 OZ.\par CAKE FLOUR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 3/4 C.\par BAKING POWDER\tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2/3 C.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/8 OZ.\par \par CREAM THE BUTTER AND SUGAR TOGETHER. ADD THE YOLKS ONE AT A TIME AND MIX WELL AFTER EACH ADDITION. ADD THE VANILLA AND MIX WELL.\par SIFT THE DRY INGREDIENTS TOGETHER. ADD 1/3 OF THE DRY INGREDIENTS AND BLEND ADD 1/3 OF THE MILK AND BLEND. REPEAT UNTIL ALL THE DRY AND MILK ARE ADDED. \par WHIP THE EGG WHITES UNTIL THEY ARE AT A MEDIUM PEAK. FOLD THEM INTO THE BATTER.\par POUR THE BATTER INTO TWO WELL GREASED 8" PANS AND BAKE AT 350 DEGREES 30-35 MINUTES UNTIL IT PASSES THE TOOTHPICK TEST.  \par COOL THE CAKES AND SPLIT THEM. FILL THEM WITH PASTRY OR BAVARIAN CREAM AND COVER WITH THE CHOCOLATE GLAZE.\par \par \tab \tab \tab \tab CHOCOLATE GLAZE\par \par SEMISWEET CHOCOLATE\tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 T.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 T.\par POWDERED SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 CUP.\par \par COMBINE THE INGREDIENTS IN A DOUBLE BOILER AND MIX WELL.  WHEN THE MIX IS 90 DEGREES POUR IT OVER THE CAKES.\par \par NOTES: PLACE THE CAKE ON A RACK BEFORE GLAZING SO THE EXCESS CAN BE RETRIEVED AND USED AGAIN.  A TEASPOON OF PARAFFIN WILL GIVE THE GLAZE A HIGH SHINE.\par }
