{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab CANDY BAR BASE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 5/98\par ALMOND BUTTER\tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 3 OZ.\par BROWN SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 10 OZ.\par HONEY \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 10 OZ.\par WHOLE WHEAT FLOUR\tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 6 OZ.\par CAKE FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 5 OZ.\par BAKING POWDER\tab \tab \tab \tab 5 2/3 t.\par BAKING SODA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 2/3 t.\par MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 7 OZ.\par VANILLA \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 OZ.\par ALMONDS\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 2 OZ.\par SLIVERED OR CHOPPED\par ALMONDS\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\tab \tab \par \par GRIND THE ALMONDS AND SET ASIDE.\par CREAM TOGETHER THE ALMOND BUTTER, BROWN SUGAR, AND HONEY ON SPEED 2 FOR 2 MINUTES.\par IN A SEPARATE BOWL COMBINE THE FLOURS, BAKING POWDER, AND BAKING SODA.\par ADD THE MILK AND VANILLA TO THE FLOUR MIXTURE AND BLEND JUST ENOUGH TO COMBINE.\par ADD THIS TO THE ALMOND MIX AND BLEND ON SPEED 1 FOR 1 MINUTE AND SWITCH TO SPEED 2 FOR 3 MINUTES.\par ADD THE GROUND ALMONDS AND MIX JUST ENOUGH TO INCORPORATE.\par \par ROLL THE DOUGH TO 1/2" THICK.  THE DOUGH SHOULD BE TWICE AS LONG AS IT IS WIDE.  SPRINKLE 2/3 OF THE DOUGH WITH THE SLIVERS OR CHOPPED ALMONDS AND FOLD THE UNCOVERED 1/3 OVER 1/3 OF THE ALMONDS. FOLD THE LAST PORTION OVER THE TOP.\par ROLL TO 1/4 INCH AND CUT INTO CANDY BAR SIZE.  \par BAKE AT350 DEGREES FOR 7 MINUTES.  REDUCE THE TEMPERATURE TO 275 DEGREES AND BAKE UNTIL THEY ARE DRY (ABOUT 7 MINUTES MORE).\par \par }
