{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab COCONUT CARAMEL FLAN\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 5/98\par \plain\f16\fs28\ul CARAMEL:\par \plain\f16\fs28 SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 C.\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 3 T.\par LEMON JUICE\tab \tab \tab \tab 6 DROPS\par \par PLACE THE SUGAR, WATER, AND LEMON JUICE IN A STAINLESS STEEL PAN AND DISSOLVE THE SUGAR OVER LOW HEAT.\par WHEN THE MIXTURE COMES TO A BOIL, INCREASE THE HEAT TO MEDIUM HIGH AND LET THE SYRUP BOIL FOR ABOUT 8 MINUTES. DO NOT STIR DURING THIS STEP.\par WHEN THE SYRUP IS A RICH BROWN COLOR POUR IT INTO AN 8 CUP MOLD AND SPREAD THE CARAMEL TO COVER THE SIDES WITH A WOODEN SPOON. IT WILL SET UP FAST.\par SET THE  MOLD ASIDE.\par \par \plain\f16\fs28\ul CUSTARD:\par \plain\f16\fs28 HALF AND HALF\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 9 CUPS\par VANILLA BEAN\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 EACH\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 EACH\par EGG YOLKS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 16 EACH\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 C.\par COCONUT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 14 OZ.\par \par TOAST THE COCONUT AND SET ASIDE.\par SPLIT THE BEAN LENGTHWISE AND PLACE IT WITH THE HALF AND HALF IN A SAUCEPAN. BRING THIS MIX TO A BOIL AND REMOVE THE BEAN.  SOME SEEDS WILL BE IN THE MIX.\par WHIP THE EGGS, EGG YOLKS, AND THE SUGAR IN A MIXING BOWL UNTIL THEY ARE LIGHT COLOR AND FOAMY.\par ADD THE HOT MILK MIXTURE IN A THIN STREAM AS THE MIXER IS RUNNING. \par ADD THE COCONUT AND POUR THE CUSTARD INTO THE MOLD.\par SET THE MOLD IN A SHALLOW CAKE PAN AND FILL THE CAKE PAN 1/2 FULL OF WATER.\par BAKE AT 325 FOR 1 HOUR. \par TEST FOR DONENESS BY INSERTING A KNIFE IN THE CENTER.  WHEN THE KNIFE COMES OUT CLEAN THE CUSTARD IS DONE.\par LET THE CUSTARD COOL FOR 15 MINUTES.\par RUN A KNIFE AROUND THE CUSTARD COVER THE MOLD WITH A PLATE ( THE PLATE WILL HAVE THE TOP FACING DOWN INTO THE CUSTARD). INVERT THE CUSTARD ONTO THE PLATE BY FLIPPING IT RATHER QUICKLY.  THE CARAMEL WILL RUN OVER THE CUSTARD.\par }
