{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab CREME BRULEE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 3/98\par BROWN SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par EGG YOLKS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 12 EACH\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 OZ.\par HEAVY CREAM\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 3 PT.\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PINCH\par \par SPREAD THE BROWN SUGAR OUT ON A SHEET PAN AND DRY IT IN THE OVEN.  WHEN IT COOLS CRUSH IT BY PUSHING IT THROUGH A SIEVE. SET ASIDE UNTIL THE END OF THE FORMULA.\par MIX THE EGG YOLKS AND SUGAR TOGETHER VERY WELL\par HEAT THE CREAM WITHOUT LETTING IT GET ABOVE 120 DEGREES AS IT WILL CURDLE. STIR ONE CUP OF THE HOT CREAM INTO THE EGG MIX (TEMPERING). ADD THE VANILLA AND SALT.\par POUR THE EGG MIX INTO THE REST OF THE HOT CREAM.\par SET 12 GRATIN DISHES ON A TOWEL THAT IS SPREAD OUT ON A SHEET PAN. THIS WILL KEEP THE DISHES FROM BECOMING TO HOT IN THE DIRECT OVEN HEAT.\par POUR THE CUSTARD EVENLY INTO THE DISHES.  \par POUR ENOUGH WATER ONTO THE SHEET PAN TO COME HALFWAY UP THE SIDES OF THE DISHES.\par BAKE AT 350 DEGREES FOR ABOUT 25 MINUTES.  THE CUSTARD WILL BE MOSTLY SET AT THIS TIME.\par COOL FOR 20 MINUTES.\par REFRIGERATE TO COMPLETE THE SETTING.\par TO SERVE SPRINKLE THE TOPS OS THE CUSTARDS LIBERALLY WITH THE BROWN SUGAR AND PLACE THE DISH UNDER A HOT SALAMANDER.  WHEN THE SUGAR IS MELTED AND DARK BROWN. SERVE WITHIN THE HOUR.  THE SUGAR WILL FORM A LIGHT CRUST ON THE CUSTARD. USE A VERY HOT HEAT SOURCE SO THAT THE CUSTARD DOES NOT WARM UP.  A BLOWTORCH CAN BE USED FOR THIS OPERATION.\par }
