{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab DANISH DOUGH\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 4/98\par YEAST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 3 OZ.\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab 3 LB.\tab \tab 4 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par MARGARINE\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 4 OZ.\par EGG SHADE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 DROPS\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par B AND V\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par   OR ORANGE EMULSION\tab \tab \tab 1 OZ.\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 6 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 OZ.\par DRY MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 4 OZ.\par __________________________________________________________\par ROLL-IN MARGARINE\tab \tab 3 LB.\tab \tab 4 OZ.\par \par \par SET THE YEAST WITH 90 DEGREE WATER AND A PINCH OF THE SUGAR.\par CREAM TOGETHER THE MARGARINE, SUGAR, AND THE EGG SHADE UNTIL THEY ARE LIGHT AND FLUFFY.\par ADD THE EGGS A FEW AT A TIME AND MIX WELL AFTER EACH ADDITION.\par SWITCH TO A DOUGH HOOK AND ADD THE FLOUR SALT AND DRY MILK.  MIX FOR 3 MINUTES AND ADD THE SET YEAST.\par MIX FOR 8 MINUTES.\par FERMENT FOR 1 HOUR.\par SCALE THE ROLL-IN MARGARINE, AND PLACE IT ON A PARCHMENT PAPER.  ROLL IT OUT UNTIL IT COVERS THE PAPER, AND REFRIGERATE IT UNTIL THE DOUGH IS FERMENTED.\par ROLL THE DOUGH TO A LARGE RECTANGLE THAT IS APPROXIMATELY 20X40".  PLACE THE ROLL-IN MARGARINE SO THAT IT COVERS 2/3 OF THE DOUGH FROM ONE EDGE TO THE CENTER.  NEXT FOLD THE UNCOVERED PORTION OF THE DOUGH TO THE CENTER.  BRING THE COVERED PORTION OVER THIS LAYER.  YOU WILL NOW HAVE A 3 LAYERED SHEET OF DOUGH.\par PLACE THE DOUGH ON THE SHEETER SO THAT EDGES OF THE FOLDS ARE  GOING INTO THE ROLLERS.  WHEN YOU HAVE \par      \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (OVER)\par \par SHEETED THE DOUGH DOWN TO 1/2" FOLD IT INTO THIRDS AGAIN, AND REPEAT THE ROLLING PROCESS (THIS IS CALLED A TURN).  REFRIGERATE THE DOUGH FOR 1 HOUR AND TURN TWO MORE TIMES. \par REFRIGERATE THE DOUGH FOR 1 MORE HOUR AND FINISH WITH TWO MORE TURNS.\par REFRIGERATE THE DOUGH OVERNIGHT.  ROLL THE FINISHED DOUGH TO 3/8" AND PROCESS INTO SHAPES.\par PROOF THE SHAPES AND EGG WASH.\par BAKE AT 350 DEGREES UNTIL THEY ARE NICELY BROWNED. \par COOL SLIGHTLY AND COVER WITH APRICOT GLAZE.  DRIZZLE WITH STRING ICING AND SERVE.\par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par \par }
