{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab FLAKY PIE DOUGH\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par AP FLOUR    \tab \tab \tab 10 1/2 OZ.\tab \tab 2 C.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab PINCH\tab \tab PINCH\par HIGH PLASTIC FAT     \tab \tab 1/2 OZ\tab \tab 6 T.\par OR LARD\par ICE WATER\tab \tab           1/2 C.\tab \tab \tab 6-8 T.\par \par SIFT THE FLOUR AND THE SALT TOGETHER. CUT THE FAT INTO THE FLOUR USING A PASTRY KNIFE OR USE TWO TABLE KNIVES WITH SCISSORING ACTION.  LEAVE THE FAT IN LUMPS SLIGHTLY LARGER THAN PEAS.  3/4 C WATER OVER ICE CUBES AND MEASURE BACK 1/2 C. ADD THE WATER TO THE FLOUR MIX AND KNEAD JUST ENOUGH TO PULL THE DOUGH TOGETHER.  IF IT IS TOO MEALY ADD A LITTLE MORE WATER.  DO NOT WORK THE DOUGH TOO MUCH AS IT WILL TOUGHEN. ALL THE FAT WILL NOT BE MIXED IN.  REFRIGERATE THE DOUGH FOR AT LEAST TWO HOURS TO ALLOW IT TO RELAX.\par ROLL OUT THE DOUGH ON A WELL FLOURED SURFACE.  THERE WILL BE STREAKS OF FAT IN THE DOUGH.\par \par NOTES:  KEEP THIS DOUGH AS COLD AS POSSIBLE AT ALL TIMES.   \par NEVER USE YOUR HANDS TO MIX THE FAT INTO THE FLOUR ASS THE HEAT FROM YOUR HANDS WILL MAKE THE DOUGH WARM AND IT WILL NOT FLAKE\par BE CAREFUL NOT TO OVERWORK THE DOUGH AS THE LOOSE LAYERING PROVIDES THE FLAKE IN THE FINAL PRODUCT.\par SOME BAKERS WILL EVEN CHILL THE FLOUR AND THE FAT.\par ROLL THE DOUGH COLD.\par BAKE THE DOUGH COLD.\par WHEN PLACING THE DOUGH IN THE PAN MAKE SURE IT IS RELAXED IN THE BOTTOM OF THE PAN.\par }
