{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab      FRUIT CHARLOTTE RUSSE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par GELATIN POWDER\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 1/2 OZ.\par COLD WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 10 OZ.\par EGG YOLKS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 PINTS\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/ OZ.\par CONCENTRATED FLAVOR\par FRUIT COMPOUND (HERO)\tab \tab \tab 3 OZ.\par HEAVY CREAM\tab \tab \tab 2 PINTS\par FOOD COLOR (OPTIONAL)\par \par MIX THE GELATIN WITH THE WATER AND SET ASIDE.  STIR OCCASIONALLY.\par WHIP THE EGG YOLKS AND SUGAR UNTIL THEY ARE THICK AND LIGHT. FOLD IN THE FLAVORING. \par SCALD THE MILK AND ADD 1 CUP TO THE EGG MIX (TEMPERING). STIR WELL AND ADD THE EGG MIX TO THE REST OF THE MILK. COOK OVER A HOT WATER BATH UNTIL THE MIXTURE THICKENS. IT SHOULD COVER THE BACK OF A SPOON WITH A THICK KNAP.\par STIR THE GELATIN MIX INTO THE CUSTARD UNTIL IT IS FULLY DISSOLVED. \par COOL THE CUSTARD IN THE REFRIGERATOR OR OVER A BOWL OF ICE STIRRING OCCASIONALLY TO KEEP IT SMOOTH.\par \par WHIP THE CREAM TO SOFT PEAK. IF YOU INTEND TO USE A FOOD COLORING ADD IT TO THE HEAVY CREAM BEFORE YOU WHIP IT. \par WHEN THE CUSTARD IS VERY THICK BUT NOT COMPLETELY SET FOLD IN THE WHIPPED CREAM.\par LINE THE BOTTOM OF A SPRING FORM OR SUITABLE DISH WITH LADY FINGER.  FIT THEM SNUGLY SO THEY DON'T LEAK. STAND LADY FINGERS AROUND THE DISH. FILL THE CENTER WITH THE FRUIT RUSSE.\par CHILL FOR AT LEAST 8 HOURS. GARNISH THE TOP.\par }
