{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab          \tab  GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par SEMI-SWEET CHOCOLATE\tab \tab 1 LB.\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 OZ.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 3 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par SHORTENING\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 15 OZ.\par SUGAR EGG YOLKS\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par CAKE FLOUR\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 4 OZ.\par BAKING SODA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 OZ.\par BUTTERMILK\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 2 OZ.\par EGG WHITES\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par \par BRING THE WATER TO A BOIL AND ADD THE CHOCOLATE, VANILLA AND SALT.  LET THIS MIXTURE COOL TO 80 DEGREES.\par WHILE THE CHOCOLATE MIXTURE IS COOLING, CREAM TOGETHER THE SUGAR, BUTTER AND THE SHORTENING UNTIL THEY ARE FLUFFY.\par ADD THE EGG YOLKS TO THIS MIXTURE IN THREE STAGES AND MIX WELL AFTER EACH ADDITION.\par IN A SEPARATE BOWL SIFT THE FLOUR AND THE BAKING SODA. TOGETHER. ADD 1/3 OF THE BUTTERMILK TO THE CREAMED MIX. ADD 1/3 OF THE FLOUR.  ADD 1/3 OF THE CHOCOLATE MIX.  REPEAT UNTIL ALL THESE INGREDIENTS ARE ADDED. MIX JUST ENOUGH TO BLEND.\par WHIP THE EGG WHITE SOT A SOFT PEAK AND GENTLY FOLD INTO THE BATTER BY HAND.\par POUR INTO A PAPER LINED AND GREASED SHEET PAN WITH AN EXTENDER.\par BAKE AT 350 DEGREES UNTIL THE CAKE PASSES THE TOOTHPICK TEST AND BEGINS TO PULL AWAY FROM THE EXTENDER. COOL FOR 15 MINUTES THEN REMOVE FROM THE PAN.\par COOL COMPLETELY BEFORE COVERING WITH THE FOLLOWING COCONUT FROSTING.\par \par \par \par \par \tab \tab \tab GERMAN CHOCOLATE CAKE ICING\par \par EVAPORATED MILK\tab \tab 2 LB.\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 12 OZ.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\par PECAN PIECES\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par FLAKED COCONUT\tab \tab 1 LB.\par \par MIX TOGETHER THE EVAPORATED MILK AND THE EGGS. ADD THE SUGAR AND THE BUTTER.\par COOK IN A DOUBLE BOILER UNTIL THE MIXTURE THICKENS. ADD THE NUTS AND THE COCONUT AND COOL. \par POUR OVER THE CAKE.\par \par }
