{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab JERRY'S TIRAMISU\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par MASCARPONE\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 EACH\par EGG WHITES\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 4 EACH\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par LADY FINGERS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 48 EACH\par COFFEE LIQUEUR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 C.\par COCOA POWDER\tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 C.\par \par SEPARATE THE WHOLE EGGS AND MIX ALL THE EGG WHITES TOGETHER. ADD A FEW GRAINS OF SALT AND WHIP TO A STIFF PEAK.  IN A SEPARATE BOWL WHIP THE YOLKS UNTIL THEY ARE FROTHY AND LIGHT IN COLOR. ADD THE MASCARPONE AND SUGAR TO THE YOLKS AND MIX WELL. CAREFUL FOLD IN THE EGG WHITES SO AS NOT TO REDUCE THE VOLUME.  IT IS BEST TO DO THIS BY HAND.\par \par DIP THE LADY FINGERS QUICKLY INTO THE LIQUEUR AND LINE THE BOTTOM OF A 4" HALF SIZE HOTEL PAN. COVER THE LADY FINGER S WITH HALF THE CUSTARD. SIFT 1/2 THE COCOA OVER THE CUSTARD. REPEAT THE WHOLE PROCESS AGAIN. CHILL FOR AT LEAST 6 HOURS.\par \par NOTE:  YOU CAN USE ANY FLAVORED LIQUEUR. LAYERS CAN BE MADE WITH FRUITS AND NUTS AS WELL. TOP WITH A FLAVORED WHIP CREAM. \par INDIVIDUAL SERVINGS CAN BE MADE BY STANDING THE LADY FINGERS IN AN APPROPRIATE GOBLET, DESSERT BOWL, OR SNIFTER.  FILL THE CENTER WITH THE CUSTARD AND GARNISH THE TOP.\par }
