{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16 \tab \tab \tab      \plain\f16\fs28 LES BATONS MARECHAUX\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par EGG WHITES\tab \tab \tab \tab 8 EACH\par SUPERFINE SUGAR\tab \tab \tab 4 1/2 OZ.\par ALMONDS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 9 OZ.\par POWDERED SUGAR\tab \tab \tab 4 1/2 OZ.\par PASTRY FLOUR\tab \tab \tab \tab 11/2 OZ.\par \par WHIP THE EGG WHITES WITH A FEW GRAINS OF SALT UNTIL THEY REACH A MEDIUM PEAK. ADD THE SUPERFINE SUGAR AND CONTINUE WHIPPING TO A FIRM PEAK. GRIND THE ALMONDS UNTIL THEY ARE JUST TURNING FINE.  IF YOU GRIND THEM TOO LONG THEY WILL TURN INTO ALMOND BUTTER. SIFT THE DRY INGREDIENTS INTO THE EGGS AND FOLD IN GENTLY SO AS NOT TO REDUCE THE VOLUME OF THE EGG WHITES.\par PIPE THE MIX ABOUT THREE INCHES LONG ONTO A PAPER LINED SHEET PAN. PLACE ANOTHER SHEET PAN UNDER THE FIRST AND BAKE AT 400 DEGREES FOR 6-8 MINUTES.  THE COOKIE WILL BE FIRM TO THE TOUCH.\par WHEN THE COOKIES ARE COOL DIP THE FLAT SIDE IN MELTED CHOCOLATE.\par FOR A RICHER ALMOND FLAVOR, RESERVE TWO OUNCES OF THE ALMONDS AND TOAST THEM DRY IN THE OVEN. GRIND THE TOASTED ALMONDS AND SPRINKLE THEM OVER THE D BATTER JUST BEFORE THEY ARE BAKED.\par \par NOTE: THIS BATTER WILL DEFLATE EASILY SO IT BEST TO HAVE THE PIPING BAG, SHEET PANS, AND LINERS READY BEFORE YOU START THE FORMULA.\par BE GENTLE WHEN HANDLING THE BATTER SO THAT YOU DON'T KNOCK ALL THE AIR OUT OF THE BATTER.\par }
