{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab       MRS. FIELDS FREE COOKIES RECIPE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 4/98\par 2/25/87\par A COOKIE CONNOISSEUR INQUIRED ABOUT OBTAINING THE RECIPE FOR MRS. FIELD'S COOKIE AND WAS TOLD BY A SALES CLERK THAT THE RECIPE WAS AVAILABLE FOR $25.00.  THE CLERK GAVE THE CUSTOMER A NUMBER TO CALL FOR THE RECIPE. WHEN SHE CALLED THE NUMBER SHE WAS ASKED HOW SHE WANTED TO PAY FOR THE RECIPE AND SHE GAVE HER CREDIT CARD NUMBER. THE RECIPE ARRIVED AND SHE CHECKED HER CREDIT CARD STATEMENT. IT SHOWED SHE HAD PAID $250.00 FOR THE RECIPE. THE COMPANY REFUSED TO ADJUST HER CARD AND WHEN SHE CALLED HER ATTORNEY HE TOLD HER IT WAS A LEGAL TRANSACTION.  HER REVENGE IS TO GIVE THE RECIPE AWAY FREE TO AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE:\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 2 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par BROWN SUGAR\tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab 4 EACH\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par AP FLOUR\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 6 OZ.\par OATMEAL\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par BAKING POWDER\tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 OZ.\par BAKING SODA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 OZ.\par CHOCOLATE CHIPS\tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par WALNUTS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SEMI-SWEET CHOCOLATE\tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par CREAM TOGETHER THE BUTTER AND THE SUGARS.\par ADD THE EGGS AND THE VANILLA AND MIX WELL.\par PLACE THE OATMEAL IN A FOOD PROCESSOR AND POWDER IT. SIFT THE FLOUR AND ADD THE OATMEAL, BAKING POWDER, AND THE SODA.\par FOLD THE FLOUR MIX INTO THE DOUGH.\par GRATE THE SEMI-SWEET CHOCOLATE.\par CHOP THE WALNUTS. ADD THE CHOCOLATES AND THE NUTS TO THE BATTER.  REFRIGERATE FOR 2 HOURS THEN DROP AND BAKE AT 350 DEGREES FORT 10-12 MINUTES.\par }
