{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab PANATTONE II\par SPONGE:\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 4 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 4 OZ.\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab 3 LB.\tab \tab 4 OZ.\par YEAST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 10 OZ.\par \par MIX ALL THE INGREDIENTS ( THE WATER SHOULD BE AT 90 DEGREES) AND KNEAD FOR 6 MINUTES. ALLOW THE SPONGE TO FERMENT FOR 2 HOURS.\par \par YEAST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 10 OZ.\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab 6 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab 4 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 OZ.\par DRY MILK\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par SHORTENING\tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 8 OZ.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB. \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 OZ.\par LEMON EMULSION\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 OZ.\par CANDIED ORANGE PEEL\tab 1 LB. \tab \tab 2 OZ.\par EGGS\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB.  \tab 4 OZ.\par EGG YOLKS\tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\tab \tab 4 OZ.\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 18 LB.\par CITRON\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 OZ.\par WHITE RAISINS\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 OZ.\par \par SET THE YEAST WITH A PINCH OF THE SUGAR IN 90 DEGREE WATER.\par IN A MIXING BOWL COMBINE THE FIRST EIGHT INGREDIENTS AND MIX TO A SMOOTH PASTE. ADD THE EGGS AND THE EGG YOLKS AND BLEND WELL.\par ADD  THE SET YEAST AND THE SPONGE AND MIX JUST ENOUGH TO DISTRIBUTE THE SPONGE.  ADD THE BREAD FLOUR AND KNEAD FOR 6 MINUTES. ADD THE FRUIT AND MIX FOR 2-4 MINUTES LONGER. FERMENT THE DOUGH FOR 45 MINUTES. SCALE TO DESIRED WEIGHT ( USUALLY 20-28 OZ.) AND ROLL INTO FREE FORM LOAVES.  THESE CAB ALSO BE DONE IN TUBULAR PANS.  BAKE AT 340 DEGREES UNTIL THE INTERNAL TEMPERATURE IS 200 DEGREES.  BRUSH FREE FORM LOAVES WITH MELTED BUTTER TO GIVE A SOFT FINISH.\par \par THIS IS AN ITALIAN STYLE  BREAD THAT IS SIMILAR TO A GERMAN STOLLEN. THERE ARE OTHER VARIATIONS OF STOLLEN FROM NORHTERN EUROPE, AND ALL ARE SERVED AROUND CHRISTMAS.\par }
