{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab PANETTONE\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/98\par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 8 OZ.\par YEAST\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 1/4 OZ.\par SUGAR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 3/4 OZ.\par EGG YOLKS\tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 2 OZ.\par VANILLA\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 T.\par LEMON EXTRACT\tab \tab \tab 1 T.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1 t.\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 6 1/2 C.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 12 OZ.\par CANDIED ORANGE PEEL\tab \tab 1 C.\par DRIED FRUIT\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 C.\par WHITE RAISINS\tab \tab \tab \tab 1 C.\par \par SAT THE YEAST WITH SUGAR AND 90 DEGREE WATER.\par PLACE THE EGG YOLKS, VANILLA, LEMON EXTRACT AND SALT IN MIXING BOWL. ADD THE SET YEAST AND MIX WELLADD THE FLOUR AND BLEND WELL. ADD THE BUTTER AND MIX UNTIL THE DOUGH BECOMES A STICKY BALL. KNEAD FOR 6 MINUTES. FERMENT FOR 1 HOUR. DIVIDE THE DOUGH INTO THREE EQUAL PARTS AND KNEAD THE FRUITS INTO THE DOUGH BALLS. ROUND THE BALLS AND PLACE THEM ON A PAPER LINED SHEET PAN. CUT A 5 INCH TALL COLLAR FROM A BROWN PAPER BAG. BUTTER ONE SIDE OF THE COLLAR AND WRAP IT AROUND THE DOUGH BALL WITH THE BUTTERED SIDE TOWARD THE DOUGH.  FASTEN IT WITH A STAPLE OR TIE A STRING AROUND THE OUTSIDE OF THE COLLAR. PROOF UNTIL THE DOUGH IS DOUBLE IN SIZE.  BRUSH THE TOP WITH MELTED BUTTER.  SPRINKLE WITH SANDING SUGAR AND BAKE AT 400 DEGREES FOR 10 MINUTES.  REDUCE THE OVEN TEMPERATURE TO 350 DEGREES AND FINISH BAKING UNTIL THE INTERNAL TEMPERATURE IS 200 DEGREES.\par }
