{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f17\froman Symbol;}{\f18\fnil Wingdings;}{\f19\froman Wingdings 2;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\viewkind4\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080{\header \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }{\footer \pard \tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640 \plain\f16 \par }\pard \plain\f16\fs28 \tab \tab \tab \tab PUFF PASTE\par \par BUTTER \tab \tab \tab \tab 4 LB.\tab \tab 6 OZ.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/4 OZ.\par LEMON JUICE\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 1/2 OZ.\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 1 LB.\tab \tab 1 OZ.\par \par MIX ALL THE INGREDIENTS TOGETHER UNTIL THEY FORM A SMOOTH PASTE.  FORM THIS INTO A BRICK 8"X8". IT WILL BE \par 2-3 " THICK. PLACE THE BRICK ON PAPER LINED SHEET PAN AND COVER WITH A TRASH BAG.  REFRIGERATE WHILE YOU PREPARE THE SECOND DOUGH.\par \par WATER\tab \tab \tab \tab 2 LB.\par SALT\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 2 OZ.\par CAKE FLOUR\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 14 OZ.\par BREAD FLOUR\tab \tab \tab 2 LB.  \tab 10 OZ.\par BUTTER\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 7 OZ.\par \par PULL THE BUTTER FROM THE REFRIGERATOR AND LET IT SOFTEN.  MIX ALL THE INGREDIENTS TOGETHER UNTIL THEY\par FORM A SMOOTH DOUGH. ROLL THIS DOUGH INTO A SQUARE 12"X12". AND REFRIGERATE WITH THE FIRST DOUGH FOR 1 HOUR.\par IT IS IMPORTANT TO WORK WITH WHILE IT IS STILL COLD.\par BRING OUT THE 12"X12" DOUGH AND CUT AN x IN THE TOP ABOUT HALF THE DEPTH OF THE DOUGH. CAREFULLY PULL THE POINT OF THE TRIANGLES AWAY FROM THE MIDDLE OF THE DOUGH TO CREATE "WINGS". LEAVE THE CENTER OF THE DOUGH ABOUT 1" THICK AND ROLL THE WINGS TO ABOUT 3/8" THICK.  PLACE THE BUTTER BRICK IN THE CENTER OF THE DOUGH AND FOLD THE WINGS OVER IT TO SEAL IT LIKE A PACKAGE.  USING A BATON, STRIKE THE CENTER OF THE DOUGH SEVERAL TIMES THEN GRADUALLY MOVE TO THE OUTSIDE EDGE.  GO BACK TO THE MIDDLE AND WORK TO THE OTHER EDGE.  COME BACK TO THE CENTER AND WORK IT OUTWARD AGAIN.  REPEAT THIS SEVERAL TIMES UNTIL THE DOUGH IS LESS THAN 3" THICK.  SWITCH TO A REGULAR ROLLER AND ROLL UNTIL THE DOUGH CAN FIT UNDER THE BARS ON THE SHEETER.\par USING SMALL INCREMENTS, ROLL THE DOUGH DOWN TO 3/8".  FOLD 1/3 OF THE DOUGH TO THE CENTER. BRING THE OTHER SIDE OVER THE TOP. TURN THE FOLDS TO GO INTO THE SHEETER  AND ROLL AGAIN TO 3/8". REPEAT THIS PROCESS ONE MORE TIME AND REFRIGERATE FOR 2 HOURS. BRING IT OUT AND ROLL AND TURN TWO MORE TIMES. WHEN YOU HAVE TURNED THE DOUGH A TOTAL OF 6 TIMES IT IS READY TO PROCESS.\par }
